1) sick product research
2) OOPS study full
3) TCP/IP programming prepare
4) General C++ questions prepare, templates/classes/namespaces/boost/visual studio questions/debugging
5) HR prepare - short term/long term goals, why you are leaving current job, salary expectations, questions, general HR, strength/weakness, benifits discussion, 
6) Java struts/swings 
7) Database questions prepare
8) multi thread pragramming
9) Prinitng protocols preperation
10) Resume/JD go through and ready for questions
11) preare questions to ask Rick


Short term goals or next 5 years: 
 while continueing as developer in product develop ment environment I would like to explore different technologies and research on current technologies and using them in whereever I work. In addion to that I want to learn or gain considerable knowledge on software archtiecure, cloud technologies, machine learning and aritificial inittilegence. For long term goal I want develop my self as leader in technology field where I can use my whole experience in developing product/applications. 
 
 Salary expectations:
    To be honest I do not have any figure in my mind, I am looking to find an opportunity where I could use all my skills and improve up on them in stable and challengine environment, having said that I would be just expecting the compititve salary based on my skills and position requirements. 
    
Questions to ask:
  From your standpoint if you can give little info on how the work culture here is? 
  
  

Weakness: I have this enthusiasm to take up work and I wont say NO to work, sometimes that leads me to take up more work than I can handle and will lose keep track of some priority items
	I am working on this by making my self most organized by keeping notes on what I have been working and priorities that has been set for me, keep timeline of work
	sticky notes are helpful to get around this, I need to be mindful sometimes while taking up the work.

Strengths: Never quit without trying! Even if I do not know anything about subject I have the confidence that I can do research and learn and do the things I need to. I know when to ask for help if I cant get things done by self. IF I feel I can do and if I think everything I need I will work through the problems to find solutions, this is where on rare occations i will lose track of priority items and I am working on that too.
